I became roboticist in the very beginning of
my studies because I cared about artificial intelligence.
But rather than selling in vacuum,
I wanted to build something that moves.
So, when you code and write a program,
you could actually honestly see what will happen in the physical world.
Students should be excited about this program because they'll get a chance to master
robotic skills while working through the projects and taking our lessons.
These skills are essential for them to pursue a career in Robotics Software Engineering.
So, in my head,
robot is like a big term but really it's about sensing the world.
Then, thinking about it and deciding what action to take and I'm taking action,
an action affecting the world in some way.
Now, robotic is pervasive.
We have robots in space,
in toys, in your home,
and things that don't even look like robots,
like your entire house are becoming robotized.
Go through a modern surgery room in
a hospital and you find robots assisting surgeons through surgery.
After graduating from our Robotics Software Engineer in nanodegree program,
you'll get a chance to pursue careers in various fields such as health care,
self-driving cars, drones, and so much more.
The future of robotics is going in a direction about helping people, helping society.
I can tell you there's a huge shortage of
roboticists and this field is growing very massively.
You don't have to feel like you have to be able to do everything.
You can actually become mechanical engineering expert in
a robotics project or computer science expert in a robotics project.
So, from that point of view,
the field is big but you can be almost anyone to contribute to the society.
As a student in our program,
you'll get a chance to build five different projects.
You will put together everything you learn in
this program to simulate a home service robot,
which will transport objects from one room to another.
You can build upon this project to make it to your day to day home service robot.
With all these projects that you build in this program,
you'll have a great portfolio to show your employer.
At Udacity, we build nanodegree programs like this one to
find your job and we work with leading industry partners,
to really build curriculum that empowers you to get a job in those industries,
and more importantly, you learn stuff you wouldn't expect you'd be learning. Have fun.